Tips I follow to live better 1. Identify your body clock and work accordingly. 2. Meditate 4-5 times a week 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Take time to know yourself. 2. A narrow focus brings big results. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Show up fully. Don't dwell on the past. 2. Don't make assumptions. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Be patient and persistent. 2. In order to get, you have to give. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Luck comes from hard work. 2. Be your best at all times. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Don't try to impress everyone. 2. Don't be afraid of being afraid. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. No task is beneath you. 2. You can't always get what you want. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Learn how to listen. You can't learn anything when you're talking. 2. Life's good, but it's not fair. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Don't make decisions when you are angry or ecstatic. 2. Don't worry what other people think. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Use adversity as an opportunity. 2. Do what is right, not what is easy. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Dreams remain dreams until you take action. 2. Treat others the way you want to be treated. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. When you quit, you fail. 2. Trust your instincts. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Learn something new every day. 2. Make what is valuable important. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Identify your body clock and work accordingly. 2. Meditate 4-5 times a week 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
Tips I follow to live better 1. Believe in yourself. The way you see yourself is the way you will treat yourself. 2. The way you treat yourself is what you become. 3. Follow @creedessential for more tips
I had this discussion on @creedessential regarding the same thing and it really stuck with me, it’s better to have real conversations about quotes that do something to you.
I stumbled upon this community called @creedessential and boy they take topics like these to the next level!
I was today years old when I realized @creedessential was a must-have for ‘actual’ good content on IG.
I’m very particular about the content I consume on IG and its pages like these, especially @creedessential, that have really changed how I view social media now.
Dude, there’s this page @creedessential, they hosted a discussion about the same thing and I was blown away by people’s perspectives.
Mental diet > Physical diet, thanks to pages like these and @creedessential for providing a healthy mental meal.
I read the same thing on @creedessential but with an extended discussion, and it was just mind blowing. 
Social media might be a huge black hole but I think we don’t really realize how some pages like @creedessential and more are showing us the better and healthier side of it.
Thanks for being a healthy option for my mental diet! @creedessential is another one of my top picks, check it out if you’re also someone who’s particular about the mind’s diet.